#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
accessible-pygments==0.0.5
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
alabaster==1.0.0
    # via sphinx
amqp==5.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   kombu
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
attrs==25.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.16.0
    # via
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via pydata-sphinx-theme
billiard==4.2.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
bytecode==0.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   ddtrace
celery==5.4.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
certifi==2024.12.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
click-didyoumean==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==2.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-toggles
coverage[toml]==7.6.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
cryptography==44.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pyjwt
ddt==1.7.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
ddtrace==2.20.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
deprecated==1.2.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   opentelemetry-api
django==4.2.18
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-waffle==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
djangorestframework==3.15.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pymongo
doc8==1.1.2
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
docutils==0.21.2
    # via
    #   doc8
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   readme-renderer
    #   restructuredtext-lint
    #   sphinx
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-codejail==3.5.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-django-utils==7.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
edx-drf-extensions==10.5.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
edx-opaque-keys==2.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-toggles==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
envier==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   ddtrace
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==8.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   opentelemetry-api
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
jinja2==3.1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   sphinx
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
jsonschema-specifications==2024.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
kombu==5.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
newrelic==10.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
nh3==0.2.20
    # via readme-renderer
opentelemetry-api==1.29.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   ddtrace
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
pbr==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   stevedore
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.50
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   click-repl
protobuf==5.29.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   ddtrace
psutil==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.22
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   cffi
pydata-sphinx-theme==0.16.1
    # via sphinx-book-theme
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   accessible-pygments
    #   doc8
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   readme-renderer
    #   sphinx
pyjwt[crypto]==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
pymongo==4.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pytest==8.3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
    #   pytest-randomly
pytest-cov==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.9.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-randomly==3.16.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
readme-renderer==44.0
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   sphinx
restructuredtext-lint==1.4.0
    # via doc8
rpds-py==0.22.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   edx-codejail
    #   python-dateutil
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
soupsieve==2.6
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/doc.in
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   sphinx-book-theme
sphinx-book-theme==1.1.3
    # via -r requirements/doc.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.1.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==2.0.0
    # via sphinx
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   doc8
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   python-slugify
typing-extensions==4.12.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   ddtrace
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   pydata-sphinx-theme
    #   referencing
tzdata==2025.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   celery
    #   kombu
urllib3==2.2.3
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   requests
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   ddtrace
    #   deprecated
xmltodict==0.14.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   ddtrace
zipp==3.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   importlib-metadata

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
setuptools==75.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
