#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   openedx-events
    #   referencing
avro==1.11.3
    # via confluent-kafka
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
code-annotations==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-toggles
confluent-kafka[avro]==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements/scripts.in
cryptography==42.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pyjwt
django==3.2.23
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-toggles
    #   openedx-events
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
drf-jwt==1.19.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
edx-codejail==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-django-utils==5.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
    #   edx-toggles
edx-drf-extensions==10.0.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
edx-event-bus-kafka==5.6.0
    # via -r requirements/scripts.in
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   openedx-events
edx-toggles==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-event-bus-kafka
fastavro==1.9.3
    # via
    #   confluent-kafka
    #   openedx-events
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
importlib-resources==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
jsonschema==4.21.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
markupsafe==2.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
newrelic==9.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
openedx-events==9.3.0
    # via edx-event-bus-kafka
pbr==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pkgutil-resolve-name==1.3.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
psutil==5.9.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   pyjwt
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
python-slugify==8.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
referencing==0.32.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   confluent-kafka
    #   edx-drf-extensions
rpds-py==0.17.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-codejail
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-slugify
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   edx-opaque-keys
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
zipp==3.17.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   importlib-resources
