#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    make upgrade
#
asgiref==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
    #   pytest
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.0.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
code-annotations==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.in
    #   edx-toggles
confluent-kafka==1.8.2
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
coverage[toml]==6.3.2
    # via pytest-cov
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
    #   openedx-events
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-waffle==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
edx-django-utils==4.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-toggles
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
edx-toggles==4.3.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
fastavro==1.4.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   openedx-events
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
markupsafe==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   jinja2
newrelic==7.4.0.172
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
openedx-events==0.9.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
packaging==21.3
    # via pytest
pbr==5.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
psutil==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
py==1.11.0
    # via pytest
pymongo==3.12.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via packaging
pytest==7.0.1
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==3.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-slugify==6.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
requests==2.27.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
sqlparse==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==3.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
